so our first DLC offering is called
first strike it releases februari first
it has five new levels in it for brand
new multiplayer maps as well as a zombie
level called ascension Kowloon is
inspired by the single-player campaign
level that was also set in Kowloon city
China but the actual design and the
layout and the geometry in the map is
cool from the ground up for MP Kowloon
is the only map that has zip lines which
will allow players to quickly get from
point A to point B the trade off to that
is you're completely exposed while
you're on the zipline you can't use your
weapon it's going to get you to your
location much faster but there's also
the risky rien de shops discovery is an
Antarctic research station that was a
German outpost left over from World War
2 the two sides of the maps are divided
by a deep chasm you're always kind of
fighting for control over that cross
over from one side of the map to the
other my tips for discovery is really
just learning the layout of the map
understanding how that chasm can impact
that the flow of the game play and
always being conscious of the exposure
that you have to long-range weapons you
might be on a snow bridge and somebody
throws a grenade which collapses the
floor around you our large map in Berlin
Wall this focus on the checkpoint
charlie area of Berlin that puts you
fighting on the two different sides of
the wall so you've got East Berlin
versus West Berlin kind of thing going
Berlin Wall has certain attributes about
it that if you use it right you're going
to have a competitive edge over your
opponent's it has a lot of very long
view distances it's a really great map
for snipers there's some good high
points a good elevation there and one of
the unique aspects about Berlin Wall is
that there is a no man's land in the
middle you can take the risk of going
through no man's land get a faster route
but there's a good chance you're gonna
get mowed down by the auto church
the savings one of my favorite maps I am
a run and gunner so I tend to like that
map it's going to provide those close
quarter players type adrenaline action
path experience so never underestimate
the value of tactical insertion and
always be checking your corners and
realize that these engagement distance
is going to be really small so use that
to your advantage I think it's going to
cater to a lot of the players who just
like the frenetic solid gameplay the
company has to offer one of the big
agendas with this map pack is we're
going to listen to the feedback that
people have been giving about all the
maps have been playing with the release
of the game they work more verticality
more sniper opportunities they really
love the interactivity that we did these
are components are going to bring back
in a big way in the first DLC offering
first strike is going to be available
februari first for 1200 microsoft points
and it'll be available on xbox 360 first